Content updates for multiaddr/bootstrap section. (#14)
shresthagrawal/jslibp2p-chat-tutorial: 2/3_dial_bootstrap.md

Connecting to a bootstrap node
==============================

> Now that we understand what a bootstrap node is, let's think about how to connect to one from another node.  To do that, we have to learn about how to create connections between libp2p nodes.  In libp2p, there are two ways to create connections.  You either use the `dial` function to create a generic connection with another node or the `dialProtocol` function to create a connection using a specific protocol (e.g. `/chat/1.0.0`).  For now, we're just going to worry about connecting to other peers so let's use the bootstrap node we created in the last section as a remote peer and dial up a connection.  

Reviewer: not sure if there should a comma after is. It would be nice if can use grammarly to check all the basic language errors

Author: I reworded the opening phrase to make it a clearly dependent clause.

The [`dial`](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/blob/master/doc/API.md#dial) function takes either a `PeerId` or a multiaddress as a parameter and will attempt to create a connection to that peer, something like below.
`const conn = await libp2p.dial(bootstrapNodeMultiaddr)`

If the connection is created successfully, both nodes will then emit a a `peer:connect` event.

We'll get more into what you do with the [`connection`](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces/tree/master/src/connection) object in a future section.

Try it yourself
===============
* Start up the bootstrap node created in the last section
* Copy the node file and then change the port numbers in the `options` object to create a new node
* Add code to dial the bootstrap node from the second node and see what happens

Try it locally
* Open one terminal and run the bootsrap 

> * Open a second terminal and run your second node. You should see a connection message since both nodes have a listener configured to listen for the `peer:connection` event.

Reviewer: Why do we have both `Try it yourself` and `Try it locally`?

Author: Redesigned the bullets so it's now just a sub-bullet of the larger "try it yourself.." block

Connecting to a bootstrap node
==============================

> Now that we understand the concept of a bootnode, let's think about how to connect to one from another node.  To do that, we have to learn about how to create connections between libp2p nodes.  In libp2p, there are two ways to create connections.  You either use the `dial` function to create a generic connection with another node or the `dialProtocol` function to create a connection using a specific protocol (e.g. `/chat/1.0.0`).  For now, we're just going to worry about connecting to other peers so let's use the bootstrap node we created in the last section as a remote peer and dial a connection.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we understand the concept of a bootstrap node, let's think about how to connect to one from another node.  To do that, we have to learn about how to create connections between libp2p nodes.  In libp2p, there are two ways to create connections.  You either use the `dial` function to create a generic connection with another node or the `dialProtocol` function to create a connection using a specific protocol (e.g. `/chat/1.0.0`).  For now, we're just going to worry about connecting to other peers so let's use the bootstrap node we created in the last section as a remote peer and dial a connection.  
```

> The [`dial`](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/blob/master/doc/API.md#dial) function takes either a `PeerId` or a multiaddress as a parameter and will attempt to create a connection to that peer, something like below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`dial`](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p/blob/master/doc/API.md#dial) function takes either a `PeerId` or a `Multiaddress` as a parameter and will attempt to create a connection to that peer, something like below.
```

```javascript
const conn = await libp2p.dial(bootstrapNodeMultiaddr)
```

If the connection is created successfully, both nodes will then emit a `peer:connect` event.

We'll get more into what you do with the [`connection`](https://github.com/libp2p/js-libp2p-interfaces/tree/master/src/connection) object in a future section.

Try it yourself

> ===============
> * Start up the bootstrap node created in the last section
> * Copy the node file and then change the port numbers in the `options` object to create a new node
> * Add code to dial the bootstrap node from the second node and see what happens
> * Run the nodes
>  - Open one terminal and run the bootstrap 
>  - Open a second terminal and run your second node. You should see a connection message since both nodes have a listener configured to listen for the `peer:connection` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
===============
* In `index.js` add the code to dial the bootstrap node
* Run the `bootstrap.js` 
* From another terminal run `index.js`
* You should see a connection message since both nodes have a listener configured to listen for the `peer:connection` event.
```
